Document Nutanix (#1883)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/data-center/nutanix/install-pcg/deploy-kubernetes-cluster-pcg.md

---
sidebar_label: "Deploy a Kubernetes Cluster to Host the PCG"
title: "Deploy a Kubernetes Cluster to Host the PCG"
description: "Learn how to deploy a Kubernetes cluster to host the PCG"
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 15
tags: ["data center", "nutanix"]
---

> This section describes one possible method for creating a Kubernetes cluster that will be used to deploy your PCG following the process described in the [Nutanix Getting Started](https://opendocs.nutanix.com/capx/v1.1.x/getting_started/) resource and the [Common Prerequisites](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start#common-prerequisites) it specifies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes one possible method for creating a Kubernetes cluster that will be used to deploy your PCG following the process described in the [Nutanix Getting Started](https://opendocs.nutanix.com/capx/v1.1.x/getting_started/) resource and the [Common Prerequisites](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start#common-prerequisites) specified in the guide.
```
